Alerting: Allow configuration of content types for email notifications (#32665)
grafana/grafana: public/emails/invited_to_org.txt

{{Subject .Subject "{{.InvitedBy}} has added you to the {{.OrgName}} organization"}}

You have been added to {{.OrgName}}

{{.InvitedBy}} has added you to the {{.OrgName}} organization in Grafana.

> Once logged in, {{.OrgName}} will be available in the left side menu, in the dropdown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once logged in, {{.OrgName}} will be available in the left side menu, in the drop-down list
```

Author: @oddlittlebird Note that I have just copied the contents from the HTML templates so if you want this to be changed here, it should be changed in the HTML as well.

Author: Fixed typos but did not use Markdown syntax
